## <font color=yellow><u>A word about comments:</u></f>

- Comments are for human readers, not the compiler.
- They explain code functionality (algorithms, variables, etc.).
- Comments don't affect program execution or performance.
- **Good practices:**
    - Use comments to clarify complex code.
    - Update comments when code changes to avoid misleading readers.
- **Bad practices:**
    - No comments in difficult code sections.
    - Outdated comments that no longer reflect the code's functionality.

---
## <font color=yellow><u>Types of comments:</u></f>

- There are two types of comments:
    - **Single-line comments (//):** Start with `//` and end at the newline. Everything after `//` on that line is ignored.
    - __Multi-line comments (/* \*/):__ Start with `/*` and end with `*/`. Can span multiple lines. Anything between `/*` and `*/` is ignored. These comments can include anything that is not a * /, including newlines.
    
- **Best Practices:**
    - Use multi-line comments for longer explanations.
    - Use single-line comments for brief remarks.
    - Consider using asterisks (*) at the beginning of each line in a multi-line comment for better readability.
    
- **Example:**
    
The provided code snippet demonstrates both comment types:

```cpp
/*
* Simple main function:
* Read two numbers and write their sum
*/

int main()
{
	// prompt user to enter two numbers
	std::cout << "Enter two numbers:" << std::endl;
	int v1 = 0, v2 = 0; // variables to hold the input we read
	std::cin >> v1 >> v2; // read input
	std::cout << "The sum of " << v1 << " and " << v2
	<< " is " << v1 + v2 << std::endl;
	return 0;
}

```

---
## <font color=yellow><u>Comment Nesting Rules:</u></f>

- Comments starting with `/*` end with the next `*/`.
- **Nesting comments is not allowed!**
- Compiler errors from nested comments can be misleading.

**Example (Incorrect Nesting):**

```cpp
/*  // This will cause a compiler error
* comment pairs /* */ cannot nest.
* ‘‘cannot nest’’ is considered source code,
* as is the rest of the program
*/
```

**Alternative for Commenting Blocks:**

- Use single-line comments (`//`) at the beginning of each line in the block you want to ignore.

```cpp
// /*  // Everything inside is ignored, even nested comments
// * everything inside a single-line comment is ignored
// * including nested comment pairs
// */
```

---

